# CS_330
SNHU-330 
I took an OpenGL course this semester. The OpenGL library has been used by me. Both Blender and Unity were covered in this class. It was hoped that the training would be useful. Ideas stemmed from the product specifications. My goal was simplicity. I had a good time redoing the house I grew up in. Shapes, outlines, and surface textures might be included in this framework. When it comes to putting what I've learned into practice, I excel. I saw footage and consulted with others. Following the tutorial and video, I successfully constructed my model. There were 4,500 triangles in the code for my childhood home.

Complexity in simplicity. I used a vertex array to make many copies of my model. Locations for texture mapping. After only a few weeks, I found myself craving depth, complexity, and texture. I revised the method to support arrays of vertices with both positions and textures. I implement sketchable object coding for shapes. These include the normal buffer (used for lighting and shading), vertex buffer, and texture coordinates. I spoke about several approaches to integration. Vertices must be imported, the object must be rendered, and lighting normals must be created. "declare" makes me think of "create" therefore I'm using it that way. Coordinates were kept in a vec3 array. Each vertex array makes use of vec2 texture coordinates for lighting, shading, and texturing. The textures in the application need to be expanded. Draw function of superstructure may be called from main loop. Inputs included vertices, shaders, textures, and global positions. With enough resources, I could make a copy of the universe. Read around using the keyboard and mouse. The camera may be moved using the WASD keys. Use the wheel to move the camera and control its pace. When you press Shift-Space, the Y axis will rotate. Taking in the whole picture of the artwork is challenging. Capital letter "p" in orthographic use
